ok, in this project there is an application I've been building in the folder @src which is partially build and deployed to AWS. I was leaning heavily on ai agents like yourself to build and deploy it, using HLD and LLD docs I had created and a phased implementation plan to keep things on track. However, it got to the stage where I believed we were losing a grip on things. Part of the problem was I didn't understand the code myself or was not structuring and building things in the code and on the AWS side in a hands-on way. I am new to AWS so it's all a learning curve. I also have ADHD, OCD and autism so when I build, I need to know everything about the code really. It satisfies my issues. So anyway, I decided to abort the build and deployment and start again from scratch. So I did, and I have been building the app inside of the @src_dev folder. I have been completely hands on with it this time, copying the code from the existing app but now going over it line by line to ensure it's being built the way I want. The app consists of two parts. The first part (part A) accepts a payload from a front end which hits an API gatweay and triggers a lambda called 'channel router' that interacts with some other aws services before placing a message onto an sqs queue. This is now all built and deployed and has been tested minimally, but works. The code for part A all lives in the @channel-router folder. I am now onto building the second part (part B) which is called the channel router. The code for this is being built in the @channel-processor folder. I have created an implementation plan for the whole build which is here @dev_imp_plan.mdwhich outlines from Phase 4 what needs to be done. We have also been keeping track of build progress in @dev_implementation_progress.md . Have a look at all the docs mentioned here and get a good grasp for the context. I want you to continue to help me build this app out. 

Some other rules.
Because I am doing this hands-on and need to check all code as we implement, I do not want you making any changes or executing any command line tools unless I specifically give you authorisation. A lot of the time I just need advice first, to review or discuss something to understand it, or to be given some options. So you will work with me in that respect. When I want something doing I will be explicit. 

Another thing is that we are to deploying anything we deploy to aws via the AWS CLI (or manually via the aws console if needed in extreme circumstances). I am not using the CDK or any infrastructure as code as I want full control of all elements in the deployment. 

Finally, if I ask you to push changes to git hub, I always mean push them to the local repo and then to the remote repo. We will never pull anything down, and we are working on the phase-dev branch. 

So with all that, I now want you to read all the docs I have referenced and gain some context of the situation and project. Let me know when you are done.

-----

ok, here's what I'm intending to do now. I want to make a -dev version of all my code. To do this I want to refactor my existing deployments, restructuring the lambdas and creating -dev services to run them to. I am going to do all this manually in a new folder, maybe I will call it dev_src? I am going to do it manually so I can get a granular feel for building up the application and deploying it to aws and testing it. My intention is to eventually delete the existing deployment and code I have in place at the moment, but whilst I am building the -dev test code and application, I will keep the original in place so I can lean on it as and when I need to. Does that sound like a reasonable idea, and do you think creating all this in a folder called src_dev is a good suggestion? I don't want you to do anything for me right now other than answer my question.

-----

Actually, I have a slightly different task for you. It's just come to my attention that having deployed a lot of the application on AWS now, some of the infrastructure and component code has not been implemented how I designed it. There is some gap between the low level design docs I created in the folder and the actual implementation that has been carried out and we need to address this. So I am going to move you onto section 1.6 rather than 1.5. Could you have a look at @phase3-implementation-plan-v1.0.md section 1.6 and prepared to carry out the next review that is due to be done. Report back to me what you need to do and I will decide whether to give you authorisation to begin.

-----

We are in the process of building and implementing an application. Other AI agents have been building out the phases of this app prior to you. Now it it your turn to pick up the role. Read and absorb the document @ai-agent-implementation-guide.md which details what you must do to find out where we are up to in the implementation process, how to implement, what the expected implementation cycle is, how to locate and review the documentation you must refer to, and how to update the documentation you must update after implementation. Before we begin with any implementation, can you summarise back to me that you understand what you need to do to implement the next phase, and confirm to me the docs you have studied to gain this understanding.

ok great, I'm glad you highlighted that you
You must check all the notes documents in the @notes folder as well before you commence the next step of implementation. Can you read those now and then carry out the tasks you outlined above aswell. Once all that has been done and I know you are armed with the relevant context, let me know what section you think we are to implement next and I will review if I can authorise you to continue.
